 What could be done to either adjust the analysis or reframe the questions so that you can answer them accurately?

		Data Source: Amsterdam availability data scraped from AirBnB on December 24th.
    Question: What are the popular neighborhoods in Amsterdam?
    
		Given that 12/14 is Christmas Eve day, rental trends may be biased due to the holiday.
    
    Even if another day (not on or near a holiday) was picked, it still would not be an answerable question
    since any one day of the year might not provide data that identifies the popular neighborhoods
    in Amsterdam (and what is meant by “popular”?).  Revised question: Which neighborhoods in Amsterdam
    had the highest occupancy rates on Christmas Eve day during [year]?
		
		Data Source: Mental health services use on September 12, 2001 in San Francisco, CA and New York City, NY.
    Question: How do patterns of mental health service use vary between cities?
    
		The day after the terrorist bombings in NY city would be an unusual event that would likely dramatically
    affect service use.  That event would not affect SF in the same way.
    
		Service usage would have to be tracked over time to answer the question as it’s currently asked.
    
		Revised question could focus on change in service usage prior to 9/11 vs after 9/11 in New York:
    How did mental health service use vary in New York prior to 9/11/2001 vs after 9/11/2001
    (following the terrorist attack)?
    
		Data Source: Armenian Pub Survey.
    Question: What are the most common reasons Armenians visit local pubs?
    
		The respondents for the survey are primarily students ranging in age from 16 - 23.  60% of respondents are women.
    They are are also primarily (79%) from the capital.  Respondents are not a representative sample of “all Armenians”.
    
    Also, it’s not clear as to where the data collection took place (was it in a bar, in different bars, in a classroom, etc.?).
    And, it’s not clear how the respondents were selected - were they all members of a class, friends, randomly selected
    in front of bars, or?
    
		Revised question: What are the most common reasons why students I selected from my classes at University
    choose to visit their local pubs?
